---
layout: post
title:  "Modules"
author: So Hyun K.
categories: [ TIL ]
image: assets/images/21.jpg
---

In the last post, I explained the concept of **global scope**, where the window objects are located.
When we define a function, for example called "sayHi" in a Node.js environment, that function is added to the global scope. So if we want to call the function **sayHi()** in the console, it can be called as a window object.

However, there is one big problem with the global scope.

Think of a case when we defined a function **sayHi()** in a Node.js file, and we define another function with the exact same name **sayHi()** in another Node.js file. In such case, that newly-defined function, which was created latest, will override the previous definition(s) of the function **sayHi()**.

So in order to build reliable applications, you should try NOT to define functions or variables in the global scope, where is is not secure to maintain a function/variable.
Your applicaiton will be in a much more stable state if you create separate building blocks, called **modules**. This way, you can define each function or variable separate from one another. So if there are two differently-defined function with the same name, in two different modules, both of them are still "alive" and they DO NOT override each other.

So what is this **module**?

Every Node.js has a concept called **module** in the core of itself. Normally, this is the **main module** in the name of **app.js**. Pretty familiar, right?
Other than **app.js**, every file in a Node application is a module. And the variables and functions that are defined in a certain file/module, are scoped to that file/module.
If you wish to use that variables or functions outside of that module, you need to **export** them out of the module, and make it public.

This might sound a bit confusing, but in the next post I will talk through step by step starting with creating a module.

As a recap, there are three things to know:
<ul>
    <ol>Every Node app has at least one file/module called "main module" (ex. app.js)</ol>
    <ol>In Node, every file is a module</ol>
    <ol>The variables and functions defined in a module are scoped ONLY to that module</ol>
</ul>


As always, thank you for reading my post & if there is any error, let me know!