---
layout: post
title:  "Node.js"
author: So Hyun K.
categories: [ TIL ]
image: assets/images/22.png
---

Starting today, I began learning deeply about **Node.js**, which I've been studying and applying throughout the bootcamp period, but never really knew how to explain it to others who have no idea what **Node.js** is.
Now that the course is over, I finally decided to master Node.js before the end of the year!
So begins my TIL posts.

To begin with, the definition of Node.js is "an open source cross-platform runtime environment for executing JavaScript code, outside of a browser". You might be wondering, 'So what is Node.js again?'
It is bascially something that allows some JavaScript code that is written in a program that has loads of codes in it, to be seen as a product in a web application, or a mobile application, that is more familiar to most of the people.
So Node.js is used to build back-end services such as APIs (Application Programming Interfaces).

Keep in mind that I mentioned that Node.js is related to **JavaScript** codes.
This is because there are other programming languages, such as C++, Java, Python and so on. However, Node.js specifically works with JavaScript (don't confuse with Java!). Other languages have other runtime environments, but there are some reasons that Node.js is suitable to create a client application.

Some of the advantages of using Node.js are:
<ol>
    <li>It is good for prototyping</li>
    <li>It is extremely fast and scalable</li>
    <li>In Node applications JavaScript is used, so you can use JS in both Front-end and Back-end & can be a Full-stack developer</li>
    <li>There are a lot of open source libraries, so there is no need to create building blocks</li>
</ol>

In the next post, I'll talk about the basic history of Node.js and how Node.js works.
Please let me know if there's any errors! I will be more than happy to correct them :)